NPM Only Components (#360)
Financial-Times/origami-website: _tutorials/new-component/create-a-new-component-part-1.md

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) (Version 10 or higher)
- [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) (Version 7 or higher)

In addition this tutorial introduces a number of tools and libraries such as [git](https://git-scm.com/), [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/), [sinon.js](https://sinonjs.org/), etc. We do not cover these in depth but attempt to include brief descriptions and links to relevant documentation so that you may learn separately about the parts which are new to you.

If you have any questions please contact the Origami team to help make this tutorial better &#x1F603;. You can find the team on Slack in <a href="https://financialtimes.slack.com/messages/{{site.data.contact.slack}}" class="o-typography-link--external" target="_blank">#{{site.data.contact.slack}}</a>.

## The Origami Specification

The [Origami Specification](/spec/v1/) is deprecated, new components may diverge from its rules. However, some Origami tools and services continue to depend on parts of the deprecated specification so we will refer to relevant sections of the specification throughout this tutorial. Including for folder structure, code standards, documentation and more.

<aside>

> See our [blogpost on why the Origami specification is deprecated](TODO-why-is-spec-deprecated).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See our [blogpost on why the Origami specification is deprecated](https://origami.ft.com/blog/2021/06/01/newsletter/#the-origami-specification-is-no-more).
```
